{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14260\viewh9660\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 About Us\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Our mission is to nourish the talent of young musicians and provide them with the opportunity to become industry professionals.\
\
We provide a range of workshops dedicated to every area of the music industry. Each workshop is run by one of our experienced volunteers. Students will learn a wide range of skills including songwriting, recording, event management and marketing.\
\
At the end of each workshop series a special event will be held as a student showcase. This is where everyone can show off their skills and celebrate with their new industry associates!\
\
We are always looking for capable volunteers to mentor our students in a variety of areas in the industry. No teaching experience is required, but knowledge and understanding of the industry is a must.\
\
The Crescendo Music Project was set up in 2020 by our founder Nick Alexander. Nick realised there wasn\'92t a lot of industry resources out there that were accessible to teenagers. Most of the information and guidance came through a stream of knowledge only available to people in-touch with industry leaders. With an obvious gap in education for teenagers, Nick decided that he was able to help by calling out to industry professionals that were willing to share their knowledge and experience.\
\
We focus on collaboration and teamwork to get the maximum output from our workshops. This includes group writing sessions, recording sessions, event booking, ticketing and marketing. We want to create a community of musicians who support each other and are able to contribute to the industry in an inclusive environment.}